Add new features for preview 5 (#2421)
dotnet/EntityFramework.Docs: entity-framework/core/what-is-new/ef-core-5.0/whatsnew.md

We will add links from here to the official documentation as it is published.

## Preview 5

### Database collations

> The collation to use for database columns can now be specified when building the model and will flow through to generated migrations.

Reviewer: Is it more interesting/relevant to show the database-wide collation? This is fine too, no strong feelings.

Author: I'll add a database-wise example as well.

For example:

```CSharp
 modelBuilder
     .Entity<User>()
     .Property(e => e.Name)
     .UseCollation("German_PhoneBook_CI_AS");
```

Collations are also reverse-engineered from the database when scaffolding a DbContext.

The `EF.Functions.Collate()` allows for ad-hoc queries using different collations.
For example:

```CSharp

> context.Users.Single(e => EF.Functions.Collate(e.Name, "French_CI_AS") == "Jean-Michel Jarre");

Reviewer: Nice example string!!

        => new SomeDbContext(args.Contains("--dev"));
}
```

Documentation is tracked by issue [#2419](https://github.com/dotnet/EntityFramework.Docs/issues/2419).

### No-tracking queries with identity resolution

No-tracking queries can now be configured to perform identity resolution.
For example, the following query will create a new Blog instance for each Post, even if each Blog has the same primary key. 

```CSharp
context.Posts.AsNoTracking().Include(e => e.Blog).ToList();
```

However, at the expense of usually being slightly slower and always using more memory, this query can be changed to ensure only a single Blog instance is created:

```CSharp
context.Posts.AsNoTracking().PerformIdentityResolution().Include(e => e.Blog).ToList();
```

Note that this is only useful for no-tracking queries since all tracking queries already exhibit this behavior. 
Also, following API review, the `PerformIdentityResolution` syntax will be changed.
See [#19877](https://github.com/dotnet/efcore/issues/19877#issuecomment-637371073).

Documentation is tracked by issue [#1895](https://github.com/dotnet/EntityFramework.Docs/issues/1895).

### Stored (persisted) computed columns

> Most databases allow computed column values to be stored after computation.
> This can be useful for defining indexes, etc. over the column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most databases allow computed column values to be stored after computation. While this takes up disk space, the computed column is calculated only once on update, instead of each time its value is retrieved. This also allows the column the be indexed for some databases.
```
